HR Questions
1) Why are you looking for job change ? Give 3 reason.

professional and personal growth, also need increment 



2) Why you didn’t get any appraisal from your current company ?

In the present company i joined here on bond basis. So, as per official commitment certainly wil follow the instructions.

3) Why you have less percentage in Intermediate level ?

I was most of the time involve with my father in our family bussiness.

4) Can you brief you working experience ?

a)Yes, Started my learning carrier from BE I had worked there as Android and Robotics trainee, I used to learn how to present yourself and your ideas in front people from all around places. 6months
Here i got trained in presentation, different levels of plateform.
b)Then in March 2015, I get chance to work with Yahya there i got industrial training and started working on real projects.(Yahya, Panchayat App, Jbmall) Serves B2B and B2C projects. (1 year)
c)In 2016 April, I joined Optiontown , great Airline product based source cmpny . (2 Apps)



5) What is the best quality in you ?

a)first I alwz prefer to solve the work which z on top priority.
b)no matter whats the issue i dedicatedly solve it asap without ny deflection wether it takes long time, i ll do it.



6) Why should we hire you ?

Wel I am having dynamic personality and ideas to unedrstand and solve coding pblms . I had great experience from teaching to development. And I know how to handle client level interaction through my presentation skills.

7) Can you describe me any situation which was very uncomfortable to you and you faced it during your career ?

yeah 


8) Why do you want to work with this company ?

Wel this is a great place to work . having good environment to learn more and do more.

9) What are your greatest strength and weakness ?

Strength : Team Player, Presenter, Adaptable Nature, Communicative.
Weakness : Doing new things with just a hint not work everytime , sometimes good, but 85 % failed.


10) What is your salary expectation ?

Salary : As per present working qulities i would ask for 5.5
